BlockStyleWrapper aware of block themes (#6445)
plone/volto: docs/source/upgrade-guide/index.md

```{versionadded} @plone/registry 3.0.0-alpha.0
```

### `buildStyleObjectFromData` helper arguments

> The first argument of `buildStyleObjectFromData` helper function now takes the full block `data` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first argument of the `buildStyleObjectFromData` helper function now takes the full block `data` object.
```

> If you are using this helper in your code or add-on, please update the calls to this helper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use this helper in your code or add-on, you must update the calls to this helper, as shown in its signature.
```
